Checklit Updated for correct guidelines (#1596)
education/graduation: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Checklist ✅

> <!--Please fill the checklist in correct way.
> - Wrong way []x [ x ] [x ] [ x] 
> - The only correct way is to to a small x between [x] like this.(No spaces between them.)
> Also
> - If you belong to 3/2 tier try checking the previous tier.
> - The PR should compulsory contain only 2 files. 1 is your display picture and 2 is your .md file.-->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[Reminder]: # (Fill the checklist below by adding an `x ` between the square brackets like this `[x]`. (No spaces between them)

```

Reviewer: ❤️ this idea. This is what we can do

## Checklist ✅

> [Reminder]: # (Fill the checklist below by adding an `x ` between the square brackets like this `[x]`. No spaces between them. You can also tick the boxes after you have open the pull request.)

Reviewer 2: I think it should say `x` and not `x `. Also, `open` should be `opened`.

```suggestion
[Reminder]: # (Fill the checklist below by adding an `x` between the square brackets like this `[x]`. No spaces between them. You can also tick the boxes after you have opened the pull request.)
```
